<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><meta charSet="utf-8"/><title>Grin CC</title><meta name="viewport" content="initial-scale=1.0, width=device-width"/><meta name="next-head-count" content="3"/><link rel="preload" href="/_next/static/css/08243bdb11bfe8dd.css" as="style"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="/_next/static/css/08243bdb11bfe8dd.css" data-n-g=""/><noscript data-n-css=""></noscript><script defer="" nomodule="" src="/_next/static/chunks/polyfills-5cd94c89d3acac5f.js"></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/webpack-45f9f9587e6c08e1.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/framework-91d7f78b5b4003c8.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/main-eab312c0bf2a7270.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/pages/_app-9bced085d1098a76.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/608-1a38575b05d5b881.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/pages/meetings/december-21-2021-10db2e85d45f0713.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/wPYsMATRovDz9uk9hVdIP/_buildManifest.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/wPYsMATRovDz9uk9hVdIP/_ssgManifest.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/wPYsMATRovDz9uk9hVdIP/_middlewareManifest.js" defer=""></script></head><body><div id="__next" data-reactroot=""><div class="h-screen flex flex-col"><nav class="bg-yellow"><div class="container flex flex-wrap px-4 py-4 mx-auto lg-space-x-4"><img src="/logos/Grin-Community-Logo_edit_G.png" width="48" height="48"/><a href="#" class="inline-flex p-2 text text-xl font-bold text-black tracking-wider ">Grin CC</a><button class="lg:hidden inline-flex items-center justify-center text-dark-gray border border-gray-600 w-10 h-10 ml-auto rounded-md outline-none focus:outline-none "><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" class="h-6 w-6" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke="currentColor"><path stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" stroke-width="2" d="M4 6h16M4 12h16M4 18h16"></path></svg></button><div class="w-full lg:inline-flex lg:w-auto mt-2  lg:my-auto hidden"><ul class="w-full lg:w-auto flex flex-col lg:flex-row pl-16 w-full space-y-2 lg:space-x-2 lg:space-y-0"><li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 bg-yellow hover:bg-yellow-dark" href="/meetings">Meeting Notes</a></li><li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 bg-yellow hover:bg-yellow-dark" href="/hub">Hub</a></li><li class="relative "><button class="flex w-full lg:w-auto px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 bg-yellow hover:bg-yellow-dark" id="headlessui-menu-button-undefined" type="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">Documents</button></li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 bg-yellow hover:bg-yellow-dark" href="/finance">Finance</a></ul></div></div></nav><div class="flex-grow"><section class="my-container "><h1 class="header-1">Council Meeting Notes December 21, 2021</h1><p class="py-8">Community Council (CC) meeting held @ 10 UTC in grincoin#general channel on Keybase. Meeting lasted 50 min. Notes are truncated, and conversations sorted based on topic and not always chronological. Quotes are edited for brevity and clarity, and not always exact.</p><div class="py-4"><h1 class="text-2xl text-gray-800 pt-8 pb-4">Community Attendence</h1><ul><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> anynomous</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> cekickafa</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> defistaker</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> future3000</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> jankie1800</li></ul></div><div class="py-4"><h1 class="header-2">Short Summary</h1><ul class="space-y-2"><li><svg style="width:20px;height:20px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12 6.46C11.72 6.46 11.44 6.56 11.22 6.78L6.78 11.22C6.35 11.65 6.35 12.35 6.78 12.78L11.22 17.22C11.65 17.65 12.35 17.65 12.78 17.22L17.22 12.78C17.65 12.35 17.65 11.65 17.22 11.22L12.78 6.78C12.56 6.56 12.28 6.46 12 6.46M12 8.83L15.17 12L12 15.17L8.83 12L12 8.83Z"></path></svg> Details and review of the working development of GrinCC website by Stakervali.</li><li><svg style="width:20px;height:20px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12 6.46C11.72 6.46 11.44 6.56 11.22 6.78L6.78 11.22C6.35 11.65 6.35 12.35 6.78 12.78L11.22 17.22C11.65 17.65 12.35 17.65 12.78 17.22L17.22 12.78C17.65 12.35 17.65 11.65 17.22 11.22L12.78 6.78C12.56 6.56 12.28 6.46 12 6.46M12 8.83L15.17 12L12 15.17L8.83 12L12 8.83Z"></path></svg> Discussion and feedback on Stakervali funding work request.</li><li><svg style="width:20px;height:20px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12 6.46C11.72 6.46 11.44 6.56 11.22 6.78L6.78 11.22C6.35 11.65 6.35 12.35 6.78 12.78L11.22 17.22C11.65 17.65 12.35 17.65 12.78 17.22L17.22 12.78C17.65 12.35 17.65 11.65 17.22 11.22L12.78 6.78C12.56 6.56 12.28 6.46 12 6.46M12 8.83L15.17 12L12 15.17L8.83 12L12 8.83Z"></path></svg> Area51 stackexchange lottery prize details.</li></ul></div><div class="py-4"><h1 class="header-2">Voting Results</h1><ul class="space-y-2"><li> Vote to approve funding request for groundskeeper defistaker <b>Quorum Unavailable (IN PROCESS w/ UPDATE ON FORUM)</b> </li><li> Vote to approve contribution to prize giveaway <b>Quorum Unavailable (IN PROCESS w/ UPDATE ON FORUM)</b> </li></ul></div><div class="py-4"><h1 class="header-2">Agenda Points</h1><p>Last meeting&#x27;s notes <a href="/meetings/december-07-2021" class="text-primary text-sm"> here</a> </p><ul class="space-y-2"><li>1. Preview of grinCC website <a href="#issue_1" class="text-primary">  <svg width="16" height="16" style="width:24;height:24;display:inline" viewBox="0 -6 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M21.5 14.5L16 20L10.5 14.5L11.91 13.09L15 16.17V10.5C15 8 13 6 10.5 6H4V4H10.5C14.09 4 17 6.91 17 10.5V16.17L20.09 13.08L21.5 14.5Z"></path></svg> </a> </li><li>2. Request for funding Groundskeeper @stakervali Dec-Feb 2021/22  <a href="#issue_2" class="text-primary"><svg width="16" height="16" style="width:24;height:24;display:inline" viewBox="0 -6 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M21.5 14.5L16 20L10.5 14.5L11.91 13.09L15 16.17V10.5C15 8 13 6 10.5 6H4V4H10.5C14.09 4 17 6.91 17 10.5V16.17L20.09 13.08L21.5 14.5Z"></path></svg> </a></li><li>3. Sponsoring the Area 51 Community drafting lottery with e.g. 51 ãƒ„ in Price money<a href="#issue_3" class="text-primary"><svg width="16" height="16" style="width:24;height:24;display:inline" viewBox="0 -6 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M21.5 14.5L16 20L10.5 14.5L11.91 13.09L15 16.17V10.5C15 8 13 6 10.5 6H4V4H10.5C14.09 4 17 6.91 17 10.5V16.17L20.09 13.08L21.5 14.5Z"></path></svg>  </a> </li></ul></div><div class="px-4"><h1 id="issue_1" class="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">1. Preview of grinCC website </h1><div class="meeting-text"><p><strong>defistaker</strong>: I have <a href="https://stakervali.github.io/">deployed on my user account</a>, there is an option to publish it as project website, but it have some errors with linking css/js files. So it should be published as organization on account.</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: There is much to like.</p>
<ul>
<li>I really like the overview that shows in a few bullet points the essence of each meeting and which decisions were made</li>
<li>Also I really like that it invites in one click to add an agenda items, good job :+1:</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong>: Thanks, it needs a home page, describing grin community council&#x27;s mission, current members etc.</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: Yes, and a direct link to <a href="https://grin.mw/">https://grin.mw/</a></p>
<p><strong>cekickafa</strong>: looks nice to me. is it good to add active exchange links ? without endrosmeent</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>defistaker</strong>: we can add it to hub page</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: Yes, I think what we need is basically to create a hub that links everything in the Grin ecosystem. In this we can go a little further than  <a href="https://grin.mw/">https://grin.mw/</a> which is a bit more conservative in linkouts. We need to make clear how the CC became to be and is similar yet also different in focus from the OC</p>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong>: Is there an official white paper for grin cc? If not, I can dig into older meeting notes before formation of council</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: No, there is no white paper, not even a very distilled description. If I remember correctly it was just decided that having another council would end a lot of meaningless discussions and ranting about community members who complained not being represented by the OC, that they are and old boys club, elite versus community etc. Most emotion based, not on arguments if you ask me, since the community was always heard in meetings (but that is just my opinion).
<!-- -->&lt;/br&gt;<!-- -->
Also it was thought that having two councils could speed up things, divide and conquer. With the CC having more focus on community projects, community building, activities and usability and the OC having more focus on the core, cryptography, long term etc. A lot of overlap though, but I have seen much less complaining since we have two councils and more speed in development and activity in the community. So I guess we gained indeed more momentum and efficiency by having two councils.</p>
<p><strong>cekickafa</strong>: He means code of conduct I think. set of rules</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: A yes, that is on the github. Anyhow, enough about old discussions for now. Any more feedback on the website</p>
<blockquote>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: No, there is no white paper, not even a very distilled description. If I remember correctly it was just decided that having another council would end a lot of meaningless discussions and ranting about community</p>
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li><strong>defistaker</strong>: I can work on this and come up with a description.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: We can provide feedback and dig a bit in our memory and old meetings. If there is no more feedback on the website (feedback always welcome on the forum).</p></div><h1 id="issue_2" class="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">2. Request for funding Groundskeeper @Stakervali Dec-Feb 2021/22 </h1><div class="meeting-text"><p><a href="https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-groundskeeper-stakervali-dec-feb-2021-22/9459">https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-groundskeeper-stakervali-dec-feb-2021-22/9459</a></p>
<p><strong>cekickafa</strong>: vote?</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: First feedback</p>
<p><strong>jankie1800</strong>: I&#x27;d like to say working with stakervali has been an honor</p>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong>: thanks jankie, likewise I am happy to work with you</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: Get a room :wink:</p>
<p><strong>cekickafa</strong>: well. i take help from stakervali a lot at grinpost medium and videos materials. he is helpful.</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: Good to hear he has help with the grinpost, which I always enjoy reading. Also we have good help when there were unclarities or things that needed to be traced back to old meetings etc. I think it is great there is a project you can focus on, like the website. A search option would indeed be great. @<strong>future3000</strong> do you have any feedback on this topic?</p>
<p><strong>future3000</strong>: Iâ€™ll have a think and see if I come up with anything.  But yeah it would be nice to have a really sleek UI/ UX website that could help onboard users</p>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong>: Now that there is a foundation, I am aiming to convert grincc website to give  as much as information to people that heard first time about grin. That is in essence what I will do in this 3 month period.</p>
<p><strong>jankie1800</strong>: I&#x27;d love a section to direct new developers to for onboarding.</p>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong>: I will add an ongoing projects section, so that a newcomer can see what devs are working on.</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: That sounds like a useful way to spend your time. We need to avoid having a duplicate of grin.mw, but I think in our case we can do things a bit more different, e.g. more focus on linking and indexing everything, as well as what you already did, pull Grinners in to the meetings and give a quick overview of what is happening, which is great.</p>
<p><strong>cekickafa</strong>: well. since grinmw minimalist. grincc can try different path.multidirectional.</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: Exactly, multiple truths and ways can coexist perfectly. Yes, I really like a kind of roadmap of what happend in the past, what happens now and what we are working on (the wishlist) as both CC and OC, we are on the same road, just shouldering different parts</p>
<p><strong>cekickafa</strong>: to me. a non tech user part is important. a direct link to videos or exchanges.</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: Unfortunately we cannot vote on your funding, since we do not have quorum, but I will ask all community members to bring forward any doubts if they have them now. Then the CC will take them in consideration when we do an official vote.
On the topics of vote @future3000 suggested we should look into a way to make voting by the CC public.
If enough members are present on Keybase we can ofcourse vote publicly, but lately we do it outside of the meetings itself while we prefer to do it completely transparently, e.g. voting on Github. We will post the result of our vote on the forum @<strong>defistaker</strong></p>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong>: okay, thanks</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: Also before we move on to our next agenda item, I would like to inform @<strong>jankie1800</strong> and @<strong>scilio</strong> that we transferred their  @<strong>jankie1800</strong> funding of his next quarter, in the case of @<strong>scilio</strong> the payment for the 1st milestone (apologies it took us a while).</p></div><h1 id="issue_3" class="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">3. Sponsoring the Area 51 community lottery with 51ãƒ„ prize</h1><div class="meeting-text"><p><a href="https://forum.grin.mw/t/grin-stack-exchange-area-51-community/9406/20">https://forum.grin.mw/t/grin-stack-exchange-area-51-community/9406/20</a></p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: Actually, we are still a bit in discussion here on the forum, if giving away a free price is in any way &#x27;paying for users&#x27;. What is your opinion on that?</p>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong>: I think renzokuken has a point, it may be against their rules</p>
<p><strong>jankie1800</strong>: personally, I don&#x27;t see it as &#x27;paying for users&#x27; as each user isn&#x27;t getting paid for their involvement. Someone gets a prize and it is a fun way to spread awareness of a real asset in the stackexchange QA</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: Personally, I also do not see this as paying. I mean it is very common to give free prizes, just for fun, engagement and because they work. It is like what I said on the forum, people need an &#x27;excuse&#x27; for themselves to spend the time. E.g. I make this puzzle to have chance in a million to win a 1000 euro is not economical at all, but is a good excuse to do the puzzle you want to do anyway. Also we should see things in proportion, e.g. having fund with 51 Grin (10 euro or so), versus discussion we have on spending 100.000 of euro&#x27;s on funding. This is just pocket change which is meant for community engagement and fun. In any case, I think we can &#x27;offer&#x27; to @<strong>renzokuken</strong> to chip in for a price, but only after we discuss it a bit more on the forum and see if we all feel good about it. What do you think @<strong>future3000</strong>?</p>
<p><strong>future3000</strong>: I agree. A lottery is different than airdropping or distributing to all users</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: In that case, I think we can vote on it as council, it is only an offer we make to @<strong>renzokuken</strong> which he can take now or later after some more thinking. To be continued also on the forum, we will post there the results of the vote and continue the discussion.</p>
<p><strong>anynomous</strong>: That is all for today I think.
<!-- -->&lt;/br&gt;<!-- -->Is there anything more we need to discuss?<!-- -->&lt;/br&gt;<!-- -->In that case, I thank you all for coming and sharing your thoughts and views for this beautiful little yellow project</p>
<p><strong>Meeting adjourned</strong></p></div></div><div class="py-4"><h1 class="header-2">Action Points</h1><ul class="space-y-2"><li><svg style="width:20px;height:20px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12 6.46C11.72 6.46 11.44 6.56 11.22 6.78L6.78 11.22C6.35 11.65 6.35 12.35 6.78 12.78L11.22 17.22C11.65 17.65 12.35 17.65 12.78 17.22L17.22 12.78C17.65 12.35 17.65 11.65 17.22 11.22L12.78 6.78C12.56 6.56 12.28 6.46 12 6.46M12 8.83L15.17 12L12 15.17L8.83 12L12 8.83Z"></path></svg>Complete vote for Stakervali funding request on forum.</li><li><svg style="width:20px;height:20px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12 6.46C11.72 6.46 11.44 6.56 11.22 6.78L6.78 11.22C6.35 11.65 6.35 12.35 6.78 12.78L11.22 17.22C11.65 17.65 12.35 17.65 12.78 17.22L17.22 12.78C17.65 12.35 17.65 11.65 17.22 11.22L12.78 6.78C12.56 6.56 12.28 6.46 12 6.46M12 8.83L15.17 12L12 15.17L8.83 12L12 8.83Z"></path></svg>OC and CC history documentation resource.</li><li><svg style="width:20px;height:20px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12 6.46C11.72 6.46 11.44 6.56 11.22 6.78L6.78 11.22C6.35 11.65 6.35 12.35 6.78 12.78L11.22 17.22C11.65 17.65 12.35 17.65 12.78 17.22L17.22 12.78C17.65 12.35 17.65 11.65 17.22 11.22L12.78 6.78C12.56 6.56 12.28 6.46 12 6.46M12 8.83L15.17 12L12 15.17L8.83 12L12 8.83Z"></path></svg>Area 51 prize, complete discussion on forum.</li></ul></div></section></div><footer class="text-gray-600 body-font"><div class="container px-5 py-8 mx-auto flex items-center sm:flex-row flex-col"><a class="flex title-font font-medium items-center md:justify-start justify-center text-gray-900"><img src="/logos/Grin-Community-Logo_edit_G.png" width="48" height="48"/><span class="ml-3 text-xl">Grin CC</span></a><p class="text-sm text-gray-500 sm:ml-4 sm:pl-4 sm:border-l-2 sm:border-gray-200 sm:py-2 sm:mt-0 mt-4">Â© 2021 Grin Community</p><span class="inline-flex sm:ml-auto sm:mt-0 mt-4 justify-center sm:justify-start"><a href="https://grin.mw" class="ml-3 text-gray-500"><svg style="fill-rule:evenodd;clip-rule:evenodd;stroke-linejoin:round;stroke-miterlimit:2px;width:32px;height:32px"><g transform="matrix(0.131148,0,0,0.131148,0,0)"><rect id="canvas_background" x="-1" y="-1" width="582" height="402" style="fill:none;width:32px;height:32px"></rect></g><g transform="matrix(0.224382,0,0,0.224382,-11.3206,-12.461)"><g id="g849"><path id="path847" d="M162,88.445C159.966,83.879 158.071,74.858 152.855,72.852C146.14,70.27 141.989,87.174 141,91.445L140,91.445C138.307,84.127 136.035,73.755 128,71.445C124.28,87.069 131.886,103.924 139,117.445C146.596,113.815 150.297,102.447 151,94.445L152,94.445L160,118.445C166.436,116.595 168.675,110.226 170.999,104.445C175.988,92.037 180.174,76.777 177,63.445C167.395,66.165 164.473,79.9 162,88.445M66,120.445C74.595,116.341 78.685,103.351 80,94.445L81,94.445C82.017,98.738 84.736,109.813 90.1,110.524C96.934,111.428 100.517,96.264 101,91.445L102,91.445C104.179,98.974 106.475,108.765 114,112.445C116.776,100.785 113.452,88.35 109.188,77.445C108.092,74.641 105.841,67.081 101.975,67.081C95.641,67.081 92.08,83.777 91,88.445L90,88.445L82,64.445C67.928,71.165 60.284,106.898 66,120.445M51,132.445C61.443,177.996 109.612,203.819 153,184.583C168.791,177.582 181.317,165.108 188.539,149.445C190.405,145.398 194.07,138.073 191.933,132.763C189.805,127.474 169.166,136.116 164.009,138.373C163.285,138.695 162.774,139.363 162.655,140.147C162.486,141.256 162.786,142.386 163.485,143.265C164.183,144.144 165.216,144.692 166.335,144.778C170.116,145.069 175,145.445 175,145.445C159.313,175.81 116.899,189.236 87,164.977C80.308,159.548 74.338,153.097 70.32,145.445C68.377,141.745 66.575,137.013 63.272,134.474C60.099,132.034 55.285,131.198 51,132.445L51,132.445Z" style="fill:#6b7280;fill-rule:nonzero"></path></g></g></svg></a><a href="https://discord.gg/5p4vCQY9km" class="ml-3 text-gray-500"><img src="/logos/DiscordLogo.png" width="32" height="32"/></a><a href="https://github.com/grincc" class="ml-3 text-gray-500"><img src="/logos/github.png" width="32" height="32"/></a><a href="https://keybase.io/team/grincoin" class="ml-3 text-gray-500"><img src="/logos/keybase.png" width="25" height="28"/></a></span></div></footer></div></div><script id="__NEXT_DATA__" type="application/json">{"props":{"pageProps":{}},"page":"/meetings/december-21-2021","query":{},"buildId":"wPYsMATRovDz9uk9hVdIP","nextExport":true,"autoExport":true,"isFallback":false,"scriptLoader":[]}</script></body></html>