<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><meta charSet="utf-8"/><title>Grin CC</title><meta name="viewport" content="initial-scale=1.0, width=device-width"/><meta name="next-head-count" content="3"/><link rel="preload" href="/_next/static/css/92af646438f28eba.css" as="style"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="/_next/static/css/92af646438f28eba.css" data-n-g=""/><noscript data-n-css=""></noscript><script defer="" nomodule="" src="/_next/static/chunks/polyfills-5cd94c89d3acac5f.js"></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/webpack-45f9f9587e6c08e1.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/framework-91d7f78b5b4003c8.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/main-eab312c0bf2a7270.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/pages/_app-05a32c72f06cc202.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/608-1a38575b05d5b881.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/pages/meetings/february-01-2022-b1c5f7e9fb3e3d83.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/IUxDjPcKYP0GYidFa9X22/_buildManifest.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/IUxDjPcKYP0GYidFa9X22/_ssgManifest.js" defer=""></script><script src="/_next/static/IUxDjPcKYP0GYidFa9X22/_middlewareManifest.js" defer=""></script></head><body><div id="__next" data-reactroot=""><div class="h-screen flex flex-col "><nav class="bg-yellow dark:bg-black flex flex-wrap "><div class="container flex lg:justify-between justify-start flex-wrap px-4 py-4 mx-auto lg-space-x-4 "><div class="flex flex-wrap self-start items-center w-auto flex-grow-0 h-14 bg-black rounded-lg p-1"><div class="flex-grow-0 "><img src="/logos/Grin-Community-Logo_edit_G_transparent.png" width="48" height="48"/></div><a href="#" class="inline-flex p-2 dark:text-yellow text text-xl font-bold text-yellow tracking-wider ">Grin CC</a></div><div class="hidden lg:block  lg:w-auto mt-2  w-full  lg:my-auto "><ul class="w-full lg:w-auto flex flex-col lg:flex-row pl-16 w-full space-y-2 lg:space-x-2 lg:space-y-0"><li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" href="/meetings">Meeting Notes</a></li><li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" href="/projects">Projects</a></li><li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" href="/hub">Hub</a></li><li class="relative "><button class="flex w-full lg:w-auto px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" id="headlessui-menu-button-undefined" type="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">Documents</button></li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" href="/finance">Finance</a></ul></div><div class="flex flex-grow flex-end "><div class="flex-grow flex justify-end  mr-8 "><div class="my-auto "><div class="w-8 h-8 my-auto dark:bg-black bg-yellow rounded-full flex-shrink-0"></div></div></div><button class="lg:hidden inline-flex items-center justify-center mt-2 text-dark-gray border border-gray-600 w-10 h-10 ml-auto rounded-md outline-none focus:outline-none "><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" class="h-6 w-6 dark:text-white" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke="currentColor"><path stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" stroke-width="2" d="M4 6h16M4 12h16M4 18h16"></path></svg></button></div></div><div class=" w-full "><div class="lg:hidden mt-2 pb-4 lg:pb-0  w-full   lg:my-auto hidden"><ul class="w-full lg:w-auto flex flex-col lg:flex-row pl-16 w-full space-y-2 lg:space-x-2 lg:space-y-0"><li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" href="/meetings">Meeting Notes</a></li><li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" href="/projects">Projects</a></li><li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" href="/hub">Hub</a></li><li class="relative "><button class="flex w-full lg:w-auto px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" id="headlessui-menu-button-undefined" type="button" aria-haspopup="true" aria-expanded="false">Documents</button></li><li><a class="flex px-4 py-2 rounded-md font-medium text-gray-700 dark:text-white bg-yellow dark:bg-black hover:bg-yellow-dark dark:hover:bg-gray-700" href="/finance">Finance</a></li></ul></div></div></nav><div class="flex-grow dark:bg-black "><section class="my-container "><h1 class="header-1">Council Meeting Notes February 1, 2022</h1><p class="py-8">Community Council (CC) meeting held @ 10 UTC in grincoin#general channel on Keybase. Meeting lasted 60 - min. Notes are truncated, and conversations sorted based on topic and not always chronological. Quotes are edited for brevity and clarity, and not always exact.</p><div class="py-4"><h1 class="text-2xl text-gray-800 pt-8 pb-4">Community Attendence</h1><ul><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> dtavarez</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> yeastplume</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> phyro</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> cekickafa</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> vegycslol</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> defistaker</li><li><svg style="width:24px;height:24px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12,4A4,4 0 0,1 16,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,12A4,4 0 0,1 8,8A4,4 0 0,1 12,4M12,6A2,2 0 0,0 10,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,10A2,2 0 0,0 14,8A2,2 0 0,0 12,6M12,13C14.67,13 20,14.33 20,17V20H4V17C4,14.33 9.33,13 12,13M12,14.9C9.03,14.9 5.9,16.36 5.9,17V18.1H18.1V17C18.1,16.36 14.97,14.9 12,14.9Z"></path></svg> jankie1800</li></ul></div><div class="py-4"><h1 class="header-2">Short Summary</h1><ul class="space-y-2"><li><svg style="width:20px;height:20px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12 6.46C11.72 6.46 11.44 6.56 11.22 6.78L6.78 11.22C6.35 11.65 6.35 12.35 6.78 12.78L11.22 17.22C11.65 17.65 12.35 17.65 12.78 17.22L17.22 12.78C17.65 12.35 17.65 11.65 17.22 11.22L12.78 6.78C12.56 6.56 12.28 6.46 12 6.46M12 8.83L15.17 12L12 15.17L8.83 12L12 8.83Z"></path></svg> Request for funding @dtavarez Feb-Apr 2022 is discussed, official voting by CC is to be declared in forum</li></ul></div><div class="py-4"><h1 class="header-2">Voting Results</h1><ul class="space-y-2"><li>No votes held  </li></ul></div><div class="py-4"><h1 class="header-2">Agenda Points</h1><p>Last meeting&#x27;s notes <a href="/meetings/january-18-2022" class="text-primary text-sm"> here</a> </p><ul class="space-y-2"><li>1. Update on community miners purchase order and mining operation cost and profit <a href="#issue_1" class="text-primary">  <svg width="16" height="16" style="width:24;height:24;display:inline" viewBox="0 -6 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M21.5 14.5L16 20L10.5 14.5L11.91 13.09L15 16.17V10.5C15 8 13 6 10.5 6H4V4H10.5C14.09 4 17 6.91 17 10.5V16.17L20.09 13.08L21.5 14.5Z"></path></svg> </a> </li><li>2. Request for funding @dtavarez Feb-Apr 2022 <a href="#issue_2" class="text-primary"><svg width="16" height="16" style="width:24;height:24;display:inline" viewBox="0 -6 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M21.5 14.5L16 20L10.5 14.5L11.91 13.09L15 16.17V10.5C15 8 13 6 10.5 6H4V4H10.5C14.09 4 17 6.91 17 10.5V16.17L20.09 13.08L21.5 14.5Z"></path></svg> </a></li></ul></div><div class="px-4"><h1 id="issue_1" class="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">1. Update on community miners purchase order and mining operation cost and profit</h1><div class="meeting-text"><p><strong>defistaker</strong> : Well, both of today&#x27;s topic need input from CC members :)</p>
<p><strong>phyro</strong> : should we start going through the agenda anyway or is this skipped because no one from CC is around?</p>
<p><strong>jankie1800</strong> : I can raise the questions and perhaps they can respond a bit later and I can add an edit if there are any decisions made</p>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong> : Sure, go ahead please</p>
<p><strong>jankie1800</strong> : I think the plan was to point miners to a donation pool. I&#x27;m thinking to further transparency; maybe an income_log with where miners can account for energy use and be compensated for the cost of running the machine- Also I&#x27;m wondering how/if the delivery was processed to everyone housing the machines/ are situated accordingly. Really just checking in for an update.</p>
<p><strong>dtavarez</strong> : ASIC miners are in one place right now; we are ready to deliver them starting this month. We tried to find a co-location place for at least the G1 but it has been an almost impossible task.</p>
<p><strong>jankie1800</strong> : thanks @<strong>dtavarez</strong>; I think we can revisit and work out how to build transparency as in process- I have access to low cost electricity + a mining friendly jurisdiction. Something I may consider moving forward if there continues to be an issue</p>
<p><strong>dtavarez</strong> : We will have more news on this in the near future, in the meantime, we can proceed with the delivery of ASIC miners that were intended for distribution. Any other question before moving into the next topic?</p></div><h1 id="issue_2" class="text-xl mt-10 mb-4 px">2. Request for funding @dtavarez Feb-Apr 2022 </h1><div class="meeting-text"><p><strong>defistaker</strong> : I think we can&#x27;t officially hold a voting but can talk about the request. I think all the proposed items are needed including bug fixes. Any comments?</p>
<p><strong>jankie1800</strong> : Like @<strong>defistaker</strong> said I don&#x27;t think we will reach a quorum regarding the vote, but this may serve as a placeholder for the decision and I will update as the council reaches their decision</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>defistaker</strong> : Officially, only CC member&#x27;s vote is counted, is it correct @<strong>dtavarez</strong> ?</li>
<li><strong>dtavarez</strong> : it looks like, yes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>dtavarez</strong> : A small summary- @<strong>mcmmike</strong> me and <strong>@Mokhtar</strong> are running Grin++ public nodes; they helped to find things that need to be fixed asap- what I will do now is to focus mostly on the node code for the next months</p>
<p><strong>cekickafa</strong> : Payment proof and one time slatepack adress? Does 2 include soft hard fork? sorry for not knowing- I think these 2 things are very important</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>dtavarez</strong> : no, only new endpoints should be added to the grin++ api- new&quot; for grin++</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong> : According to grinnode.live stats, an important portion of running nodes are grin++</p>
<!-- -->&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;
  &lt;img width=&quot;460&quot; height=&quot;300&quot; src=&quot;https://u.teknik.io/OJzsx.png&quot;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;<!-- -->
<ul>
<li><strong>dtavarez</strong> : the issues started since v1.2.6 after a rewriting almost code related to P2P; I now need to fix things that I am now aware of since I am receiving feedback from Community members<!-- -->
<ul>
<li>:+1: (<strong>defistaker</strong>)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>jankie1800</strong> : do you have any thoughts on the coming PIBD update and if it will affect your work?</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>dtavarez</strong> : I&#x27;ll work on PIBD after the things I added to my forum post</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>phyro</strong> : Is there going to be any work on payment proofs? I may have missed something on the forum, I did notice one-time addresses but maybe I missed these.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>dtavarez</strong> : only to add the same behavior like the Rust implementation</li>
<li><strong>phyro</strong> : oh I see :+1:</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>dtavarez</strong> : the thing is that I am receiving too many support request lately specially from gate.io users, I need to simplify my life and save some hours on support; also the same with tor
too many: &quot;I sent X amount to Gate.io, they are requesting proof&quot; and the typical: &quot;my address is orange&quot;, which is solved 99% of the time by using tor bridges. And address reuse is something we should not encourage but, since I am now receiving also feedback from people running public grin++ nodes, now my backlog increased and some issues should be addressed asap from the grin++ perspective</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>defistaker</strong> : Security issues take priority :+1:</li>
<li><strong>cekickafa</strong> : too many: <em><strong>&quot;I sent X amount to Gate.io, they are requesting proof&quot;</strong></em> this torture is since 2019!</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>vegycslol</strong> : Is address reuse bad if u only reuse with the same user? I feel like it shouldn&#x27;t be. I personally think address reuse is great when you&#x27;re transacting with the same person. We should not follow btc&#x27;s each tx new address since addresses on btc and on grin are completely different</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>phyro</strong> : there are two different concepts really which we (mostly) bulk into one. Grin address is both the destination and the identity. An identity is like a phone number, the destination is the physical location at which you meet. You may want to hide the latter but keep the former intact to be able to call people any time you want. But that&#x27;s probably a topic that&#x27;s larger than this meeting</li>
<li><strong>dtavarez</strong> : but you don&#x27;t want people using grinchck.uber.space to check confirm whether or not your wallet is running in terms of privacy</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>dtavarez</strong> : Special thanks to <strong>@Mokhtar</strong> and <strong>@Mike</strong>, again they are actively testing and running public nodes; I am also running some grin++ public nodes, I think it would be nice if more people deploy more public nodes</p>
<p><strong>dtavarez</strong> : I wrote a python script to download and extract the node binary from the GrinPlusPlus repo; now it is easier to do it; but the node should work smoothly, so it is my priority to solve the problems encountered</p>
<p><strong>jankie1800</strong> : I appreciate your attention to detail for the end user experience. Instead of counting out those who are blocked or being frustrated by poor exchange experiences it seems like you are being creative and solving their problems through the wallet. I&#x27;m excited to see where you take things</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>dtavarez</strong> : I&#x27;m just saving time on support 😂 some (a lot of) people DM me directly instead of using the telegram group, I hate it, but from time to time, I discover new things to help users achieve what they need while using grin++</li>
<li><strong>defistaker</strong> : Thanks for all the hardwork<!-- -->
<ul>
<li>👆 (<strong>phyro</strong>, <strong>vegysclol</strong>) 👍 (<strong>cekickafa</strong>, <strong>dtavarez</strong>)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>cekickafa</strong> : yes after Burkett, DTavarez official customer support is perfect. it is not easy to deal people just like me 😂  Burkett was dealing the same i mean. guy was so patient</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>dtavarez</strong> : Talking directly to users helps Grin++ to be better</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>dtavarez</strong> : All topics were discussed, right?</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>defistaker</strong> : Yes, we have discussed both topics</li>
<li><strong>cekickafa</strong> : well discussed.if you say so. I took my answers.thnx</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>dtavarez</strong> : If the CC woud like to proceed with the decision and update on the forum post <strong>@jankie1800</strong> can add it to the meeting notes here to account on record. Can we finalize today&#x27;s CC meeting then? @<strong>defistaker</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>👍 (<strong>jankie1800</strong>)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>defistaker</strong> : Yes, I think we can close. Thanks all</p>
<p><strong>Meeting adjourned</strong></p></div></div><div class="py-4"><h1 class="header-2">Action Points</h1><ul class="space-y-2"><li><svg style="width:20px;height:20px;display:inline" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path fill="currentColor" d="M12 6.46C11.72 6.46 11.44 6.56 11.22 6.78L6.78 11.22C6.35 11.65 6.35 12.35 6.78 12.78L11.22 17.22C11.65 17.65 12.35 17.65 12.78 17.22L17.22 12.78C17.65 12.35 17.65 11.65 17.22 11.22L12.78 6.78C12.56 6.56 12.28 6.46 12 6.46M12 8.83L15.17 12L12 15.17L8.83 12L12 8.83Z"></path></svg>Update meeting notes with CC decision on funding request for @dtavarez.</li></ul></div></section></div><footer class="text-gray-600 body-font dark:bg-black dark:text-gray-300 "><div class="container px-5 py-8 mx-auto flex items-center sm:flex-row flex-col"><a class="flex title-font font-medium items-center md:justify-start justify-center text-gray-900"><div class="flex flew-wrap bg-black rounded-lg p-1 cursor-pointer"><img src="/logos/Grin-Community-Logo_edit_G_transparent.png" width="48" height="48"/><span href="#" class="inline-flex p-2 dark:text-yellow text text-xl font-bold text-yellow tracking-wider ">Grin CC</span></div></a><p class="text-sm text-gray-500 dark:text-gray-300 sm:ml-4 sm:pl-4 sm:border-l-2 sm:border-gray-200 sm:py-2 sm:mt-0 mt-4">© 2022 Grin Community</p><span class="inline-flex sm:ml-auto sm:mt-0 mt-4 justify-center sm:justify-start"><a href="https://grin.mw" class="ml-3 text-gray-500"><svg style="fill-rule:evenodd;clip-rule:evenodd;strokelinejoin:round;stroke-miterlimit:2;width:32px;height:32px"><g transform="matrix(0.131148,0,0,0.131148,0,0)"><rect id="canvas_background" x="-1" y="-1" width="582" height="402" style="fill:none;width:32px;height:32px"></rect></g><g transform="matrix(0.224382,0,0,0.224382,-11.3206,-12.461)"><g id="g849"><path id="path847" d="M162,88.445C159.966,83.879 158.071,74.858 152.855,72.852C146.14,70.27 141.989,87.174 141,91.445L140,91.445C138.307,84.127 136.035,73.755 128,71.445C124.28,87.069 131.886,103.924 139,117.445C146.596,113.815 150.297,102.447 151,94.445L152,94.445L160,118.445C166.436,116.595 168.675,110.226 170.999,104.445C175.988,92.037 180.174,76.777 177,63.445C167.395,66.165 164.473,79.9 162,88.445M66,120.445C74.595,116.341 78.685,103.351 80,94.445L81,94.445C82.017,98.738 84.736,109.813 90.1,110.524C96.934,111.428 100.517,96.264 101,91.445L102,91.445C104.179,98.974 106.475,108.765 114,112.445C116.776,100.785 113.452,88.35 109.188,77.445C108.092,74.641 105.841,67.081 101.975,67.081C95.641,67.081 92.08,83.777 91,88.445L90,88.445L82,64.445C67.928,71.165 60.284,106.898 66,120.445M51,132.445C61.443,177.996 109.612,203.819 153,184.583C168.791,177.582 181.317,165.108 188.539,149.445C190.405,145.398 194.07,138.073 191.933,132.763C189.805,127.474 169.166,136.116 164.009,138.373C163.285,138.695 162.774,139.363 162.655,140.147C162.486,141.256 162.786,142.386 163.485,143.265C164.183,144.144 165.216,144.692 166.335,144.778C170.116,145.069 175,145.445 175,145.445C159.313,175.81 116.899,189.236 87,164.977C80.308,159.548 74.338,153.097 70.32,145.445C68.377,141.745 66.575,137.013 63.272,134.474C60.099,132.034 55.285,131.198 51,132.445L51,132.445Z" style="fill:#6b7280;fill-rule:nonzero"></path></g></g></svg></a><a href="https://discord.gg/5p4vCQY9km" class="ml-3 text-gray-500 "><img src="/logos/DiscordLogo.png" width="32" height="32"/></a><a href="https://github.com/grincc" class="ml-3 text-gray-500"><img src="/logos/github.png" width="32" height="32"/></a><a href="https://keybase.io/team/grincoin" class="ml-3 text-gray-500"><img src="/logos/keybase.png" width="25" height="28"/></a></span></div></footer></div></div><script id="__NEXT_DATA__" type="application/json">{"props":{"pageProps":{}},"page":"/meetings/february-01-2022","query":{},"buildId":"IUxDjPcKYP0GYidFa9X22","nextExport":true,"autoExport":true,"isFallback":false,"scriptLoader":[]}</script></body></html>